[Music]
welcome to my unboxing of the hoary
fighting edge fight stick which comes in
a black box that spins batteries not a
few spinning requires muscular input
okay let's just go ahead and open this
up have a look this is Ferb as you may
or may not be able to figure out
fighting games right here this one is a
colorful accessory however NCIX carries
them now so hence I am happy to unbox it
and check it out so it comes with a
cleaning cloth which is a bad sign for a
peripheral because if it needs a
cleaning cloth that probably means it's
shiny and or not okay this is a ps3
compatible there is the USB cable that
will run to the PlayStation 3 I'm very
curious to know if it will if it will
detect on a PC it's got a nice long
cable so we're gonna go ahead and plug
it into a PC just for bolts and find out
if it works plug that in there
installing device driver software go
ahead and here look at the screen
let's find out if it works together
fighting edge okay that's a good sign if
it knows what it is installing driver
software that's an excellent sign and
it's ready to use okay so it's ps3 and
pc compatible the cable is about 1 -
iris fan bow 1 and 1 and 3/4 lioness
arms fans so that would make it about to
convert that into something you guys
about 10 feet long
guys like you know I give it a
measurement then you're more comfortable
with
ok so let's figure out how the heck this
works so these come down on here like
this and then this closes up it ok
they're driving me crazy this goes
okay okay okay then this needs to go
here no close this there we go okay so
that's how the cable goes up the back I
don't know if this is for storage
Diesel's given me they like I can't do
it the one eyebrow thing whatever you
get okay so there's a PlayStation button
here there's some other more different
PlayStation buttons here what makes this
one premium is the touchscreen that's
integrated here although it's not
powered on so you're not gonna be able
see anything and then there's a joystick
which presumably is like more better for
butter button mashing and ah very nice
huge huge grippy pads on the bottom
meaning it's not going freakin anywhere
you can see they are optimally laid out
to be placed on your thighs and have it
not slip even if you're at a bit of an
angle on the edge of the chair so it
won't go anywhere you're sitting in
playing video games like this which I'm
sure someone at some point in the past
has done thank you for checking out my
unboxing the first look at the hoary
fighting edge don't forget to subscribe
fly-ins tech tips from our unboxings
reviews and other computer videos